Let go of me let go of me
Cheng Yu Cheng Yu, please forgive me once, okay?
The ones I've been with you for so long
You won't like him even if you find buckwheat
After all, he is so ugly and fat.
I told you I didn't care what he looked like.
All I care about is being with me
People around you
And that
The sound that has accompanied me through countless days and nights
Do you like his voice?
I can also learn
I sound like him, after all
I would like to learn for you
shut up
You will never compare to him
Cheng Yu Cheng Yu
Let go of me!
But I am now
I can't sing like I used to
Why are you running?
Mr. Lu, please respect yourself
Sister Joe, do you want to see him that much?
She's my wife.
Aren't you going to divorce him?
What do you need him for?
Who said I was going to divorce him?
He is the wife I am officially married to
And I've been looking for him for so long
How could I possibly divorce him?
Why don't you dislike him as a pig?